['', '', '\nNot providing camera bag in my order\n', '', '\nNot providing camera bag in my order\n', '', '', '\nNot providing camera bag in my order\n', '', "\nThe photo's turned out very well..I know that if the lens is good, it will come out even better. I am very happy to come in such a low budget\n", '', '\nNot providing camera bag in my order\n', '', "\nThe photo's turned out very well..I know that if the lens is good, it will come out even better. I am very happy to come in such a low budget\n", '\nnot so good but I brought it knowing all the pros and cons. Image quality is nice. Autofocus doesnt work well in video. the price should be much lower.\n', '', '\nNot providing camera bag in my order\n', '', "\nThe photo's turned out very well..I know that if the lens is good, it will come out even better. I am very happy to come in such a low budget\n", '\nnot so good but I brought it knowing all the pros and cons. Image quality is nice. Autofocus doesnt work well in video. the price should be much lower.\n', '\nLeans quality low\n', '', '\nNot providing camera bag in my order\n', '', "\nThe photo's turned out very well..I know that if the lens is good, it will come out even better. I am very happy to come in such a low budget\n", '\nnot so good but I brought it knowing all the pros and cons. Image quality is nice. Autofocus doesnt work well in video. the price should be much lower.\n', '\nLeans quality low\n', "\nIts a dream come true for me. Loved the product very much. Packing and the delivery was really great. But didn't get the memory card of 16gb as said in the description. I think it's an edit error on the product page. Amazon offeree a replacement but didn't wanted to go because I suspected even in the replacement I won't get a memory card and also got enough cashbacks to compensate it. Always loved shopping on Amazon. Thank you guys\n", '', '\nNot providing camera bag in my order\n', '', "\nThe photo's turned out very well..I know that if the lens is good, it will come out even better. I am very happy to come in such a low budget\n", '\nnot so good but I brought it knowing all the pros and cons. Image quality is nice. Autofocus doesnt work well in video. the price should be much lower.\n', '\nLeans quality low\n', "\nIts a dream come true for me. Loved the product very much. Packing and the delivery was really great. But didn't get the memory card of 16gb as said in the description. I think it's an edit error on the product page. Amazon offeree a replacement but didn't wanted to go because I suspected even in the replacement I won't get a memory card and also got enough cashbacks to compensate it. Always loved shopping on Amazon. Thank you guys\n", "\nFor bigneer it's a good camera\n", '', '\nNot providing camera bag in my order\n', '', "\nThe photo's turned out very well..I know that if the lens is good, it will come out even better. I am very happy to come in such a low budget\n", '\nnot so good but I brought it knowing all the pros and cons. Image quality is nice. Autofocus doesnt work well in video. the price should be much lower.\n', '\nLeans quality low\n', "\nIts a dream come true for me. Loved the product very much. Packing and the delivery was really great. But didn't get the memory card of 16gb as said in the description. I think it's an edit error on the product page. Amazon offeree a replacement but didn't wanted to go because I suspected even in the replacement I won't get a memory card and also got enough cashbacks to compensate it. Always loved shopping on Amazon. Thank you guys\n", "\nFor bigneer it's a good camera\n", "\nI bought this camera with absolutely no knowledge about aperature, iso, shutter speed, etc.1. This camera is very user friendly. The knobs with explanation on screen is easy to understand. I got some great pics with auto mode and that encouraged me to take more pics.2. The difference of 9 vs 11 auto focus might be apparent if you have used camera with 11 AF points. For me, 9 was good enough as they are centered in middle of screen. In some occasions where we want to focus on birds, objects near rear of screen, manual focus need to be done. Otherwise AF points are excellent.3. In built flash is as good as we hope for. For nearby objects, flash is bright and pictures look great. Typewriter pic is taken during night time.4. Battery is awesome. Canon promised 500 photos. I guess that's enough for normal user. Agreed Nikon gives 1500 pics but I considered availability and cost factor and went for canon. I have been using it everyday from date of purchase and I have charged the battery once a week max. Really it's not like phone battery to charge at end of the day.5. Picture quality in auto mode is mind blowing. Smartphone all look like toy when using DSLR. With all hype of 64 MP, 108 MP camera in phone, I thought DSLR will just give similar results. Oh boy! I was wrong. Canon portrait pics are many many levels above best smartphone camera pics.6. I got it with 18-55 mm kit lens. Unless you like to take pics of objects in home and going to use it for taking portrait pics or family outing, this lens is not sufficient to enjoy DSLR. I very strongly urge you to go for 250 mm lens(70-300 mm may be but 250mm is best).7. Canon image cloud option is very useful. Unfortunately I am not able to upload high quality images-- image size reduces to less than 1 MB during upload. Nevertheless, that option is good.8. Taking video is pain and it drains battery. This is apt for taking still photos. Also video is restricted to 30 minutes.9. There are dedicated modes for macro, sports, landscape, food, etc. They just have right settings like higher aperature for landscape etc to get best shot.10. Learn photos editing software and get one. I thought they were bogus but it turns out you definitely need them.No need to buy UV lens protection. Get a tripod. Also good memory card. A hood. Good camera bag. You are ready to enter into world of DSLR and definitely canon motivates you to do more.\n", '', '\nNot providing camera bag in my order\n', '', "\nThe photo's turned out very well..I know that if the lens is good, it will come out even better. I am very happy to come in such a low budget\n", '\nnot so good but I brought it knowing all the pros and cons. Image quality is nice. Autofocus doesnt work well in video. the price should be much lower.\n', '\nLeans quality low\n', "\nIts a dream come true for me. Loved the product very much. Packing and the delivery was really great. But didn't get the memory card of 16gb as said in the description. I think it's an edit error on the product page. Amazon offeree a replacement but didn't wanted to go because I suspected even in the replacement I won't get a memory card and also got enough cashbacks to compensate it. Always loved shopping on Amazon. Thank you guys\n", "\nFor bigneer it's a good camera\n", "\nI bought this camera with absolutely no knowledge about aperature, iso, shutter speed, etc.1. This camera is very user friendly. The knobs with explanation on screen is easy to understand. I got some great pics with auto mode and that encouraged me to take more pics.2. The difference of 9 vs 11 auto focus might be apparent if you have used camera with 11 AF points. For me, 9 was good enough as they are centered in middle of screen. In some occasions where we want to focus on birds, objects near rear of screen, manual focus need to be done. Otherwise AF points are excellent.3. In built flash is as good as we hope for. For nearby objects, flash is bright and pictures look great. Typewriter pic is taken during night time.4. Battery is awesome. Canon promised 500 photos. I guess that's enough for normal user. Agreed Nikon gives 1500 pics but I considered availability and cost factor and went for canon. I have been using it everyday from date of purchase and I have charged the battery once a week max. Really it's not like phone battery to charge at end of the day.5. Picture quality in auto mode is mind blowing. Smartphone all look like toy when using DSLR. With all hype of 64 MP, 108 MP camera in phone, I thought DSLR will just give similar results. Oh boy! I was wrong. Canon portrait pics are many many levels above best smartphone camera pics.6. I got it with 18-55 mm kit lens. Unless you like to take pics of objects in home and going to use it for taking portrait pics or family outing, this lens is not sufficient to enjoy DSLR. I very strongly urge you to go for 250 mm lens(70-300 mm may be but 250mm is best).7. Canon image cloud option is very useful. Unfortunately I am not able to upload high quality images-- image size reduces to less than 1 MB during upload. Nevertheless, that option is good.8. Taking video is pain and it drains battery. This is apt for taking still photos. Also video is restricted to 30 minutes.9. There are dedicated modes for macro, sports, landscape, food, etc. They just have right settings like higher aperature for landscape etc to get best shot.10. Learn photos editing software and get one. I thought they were bogus but it turns out you definitely need them.No need to buy UV lens protection. Get a tripod. Also good memory card. A hood. Good camera bag. You are ready to enter into world of DSLR and definitely canon motivates you to do more.\n", "\nVery nice picture quality & very nice features in DSLR for learning to beginner's\n"]